mac-dev-tools/README.md, before:

# Installapalooza Step 2: Mac Development Tools & Applications

## Text Editor

[Atom](editor-atom.md) is our preferred text editor. However, feel free to use [Sublime Text 3](editor-sublime-text-3.md) as it is very similar.

## Browser
Chrome is our preferred browser. If you don't already have it, please follow the installation instructions for:

* [Chrome](https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95346?hl=en)

We also recommend you install the following Chrome Extensions:

* [JSON View](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/jsonview/chklaanhfefbnpoihckbnefhakgolnmc)
* [Postman](http://www.getpostman.com/)

## Window Manager

While programming it's pretty common to need to juggle the placement of multiple windows. To speed up this process, we'll install a program that does this for us (and gives us a bunch of convenient keyboard shortcuts).

Install spectacle

```sh
brew cask install spectacle
open /Applications/Spectacle.app
```

### Touch Typing
You will be at a serious disadvantage if you do not know how to touch type. To practice this skill we recommend [typingclub](http://typingclub.com) or [typeracer](http://play.typeracer.com/).

### A word on *Keyboard Shortcuts*

By the way, developers LOVE shortcut key combinations. The more shortcuts you know, the faster you can code!

For starters, you should know how to `copy`, `paste`, and `cut`. But there are tons more [Mac Shortcuts](https://duckduckgo.com/?q=mac+keyboard+shortcuts&ia=cheatsheet&iax=1) you should learn [how to read](https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201236) and use!

Every single application above has its own list of shortcuts too!

One way to learn them is to go through the menu bar and look at each dropdown option (the shortcuts are listed on the righthand side).

<img width="225" alt="screen shot 2017-01-17 at 10 41 37 am" src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/1489337/22034623/af02d68e-dca1-11e6-85ec-8457a7defbc4.png">

Another option is to simply google ["sublime text 3 cheatsheet"](https://www.google.com/search?q=sublime+text+3+cheatsheet&tbm=isch) or ["atom cheatsheet"](https://www.google.com/search?tbm=isch&q=atom+cheat+sheet). Try it!

You can also try practicing applications shortcuts with [shortcutfoo](https://www.shortcutfoo.com/app/dojos/atom-mac).

One of the best ways to learn keyboard shortcuts is to _STOP USING YOUR MOUSE_. Cover it with a piece of paper! Tape a list of shortcuts next to your screen!

![](https://m.popkey.co/80a186/wqdmb.gif)

## That's it!
![](http://i.giphy.com/3otPoS81loriI9sO8o.gif)

Commit message:

Add instructions for installing Atom/Sublime linter

mac-dev-tools/README.md, after:

# Installapalooza Step 2: Mac Development Tools & Applications

## Text Editor

[Atom](editor-atom.md) is our preferred text editor. However, feel free to use [Sublime Text 3](editor-sublime-text-3.md) as it is very similar.

Whichever you choose, be sure to install a JavaScript [linter](http://mikecavaliere.com/javascript-linting-what-developers-need-to-know/): 

* [JavaScript linter for Atom](http://www.acuriousanimal.com/2016/08/14/configuring-atom-with-eslint.html)
* [JavaScript tools for Sublime](https://www.sitepoint.com/essential-sublime-text-javascript-plugins/)

## Browser
Chrome is our preferred browser. If you don't already have it, please follow the installation instructions for:

* [Chrome](https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95346?hl=en)

We also recommend you install the following Chrome Extensions:

* [JSON View](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/jsonview/chklaanhfefbnpoihckbnefhakgolnmc)
* [Postman](http://www.getpostman.com/)

## Window Manager

While programming it's pretty common to need to juggle the placement of multiple windows. To speed up this process, we'll install a program that does this for us (and gives us a bunch of convenient keyboard shortcuts).

Install spectacle

```sh
brew cask install spectacle
open /Applications/Spectacle.app
```

### Touch Typing
You will be at a serious disadvantage if you do not know how to touch type. To practice this skill we recommend [typingclub](http://typingclub.com) or [typeracer](http://play.typeracer.com/).

### A word on *Keyboard Shortcuts*

By the way, developers LOVE shortcut key combinations. The more shortcuts you know, the faster you can code!

For starters, you should know how to `copy`, `paste`, and `cut`. But there are tons more [Mac Shortcuts](https://duckduckgo.com/?q=mac+keyboard+shortcuts&ia=cheatsheet&iax=1) you should learn [how to read](https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201236) and use!

Every single application above has its own list of shortcuts too!

One way to learn them is to go through the menu bar and look at each dropdown option (the shortcuts are listed on the righthand side).

<img width="225" alt="screen shot 2017-01-17 at 10 41 37 am" src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/1489337/22034623/af02d68e-dca1-11e6-85ec-8457a7defbc4.png">

Another option is to simply google ["sublime text 3 cheatsheet"](https://www.google.com/search?q=sublime+text+3+cheatsheet&tbm=isch) or ["atom cheatsheet"](https://www.google.com/search?tbm=isch&q=atom+cheat+sheet). Try it!

You can also try practicing applications shortcuts with [shortcutfoo](https://www.shortcutfoo.com/app/dojos/atom-mac).

One of the best ways to learn keyboard shortcuts is to _STOP USING YOUR MOUSE_. Cover it with a piece of paper! Tape a list of shortcuts next to your screen!

![](https://m.popkey.co/80a186/wqdmb.gif)

## That's it!
![](http://i.giphy.com/3otPoS81loriI9sO8o.gif)
